IDE visual updates (#8265)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

Release notes are grouped by month for both multi-tenant and virtual private cloud (VPC) environments.

## December 2025

> - **New and enhancement:** The dbt [Studio IDE user interface](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface) has been enhanced to bring more powerful development features to your fingertips:

Author: ```suggestion
- **New and enhancements:** The dbt [Studio IDE user interface](/docs/cloud/studio-ide/ide-user-interface) has been enhanced to bring more powerful development features to your fingertips:
```

>   - A newly designed toolbar that brings everything together.

Reviewer: the phrase “brings everything together” is a bit vague and doesn’t tell users what the redesigned toolbar actually does. could we be more explicit about what functionality is now consolidated or easier to access?

being more specific will help users immediately understand the value of the redesign.

>   - A newly designed toolbar that brings everything together.

Author: ```suggestion
  -   - A newly designed toolbar that groups all of your action options and project insight tabs for easy access.
```

>   -   - A newly designed toolbar that groups all of your action options and project insight tabs for easy access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -  A newly designed toolbar that groups all of your action and project insight tabs for easy access.
```

  - A dedicated inline **Commands** tab for history and logs.

>   - Development environments upgraded to the dbt <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> gain access to the **Problems** tab that highlights any issues that may prevent your project from running properly as you edit. 

Reviewer: active voice and fixing typo. also trying to focus on user benefit here
```suggestion
  - When you upgrade your development environment to the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, the environment includes a new **Problems** tab that gives you real-time feedback on issues that could block your project from running successfully. 
```

Author: Great suggestion, going to borrow language from VS Code to use here
```suggestion
  - When you upgrade your development environment to the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, the environment includes a new **Problems** tab that gives you live error detection on issues that could block your project from running successfully. 
```
